Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                     9/17/23, 9:07 PM




                                                                                  Login   Watch TV




   Privacy Policy
   Last Updated/Effective Date: August 18, 2023

   Table of Contents:

   1.   Scope and Application
        What and who this Policy covers

   2.   Collection of Information
        The sources of and methods by which we, our service providers, and our advertisers collect
        information from and about you, including information about your interaction with the Fox
        News Services

   3.   Use and Disclosure
        How we use the information we collect from and about you, and who we might share it with
        and why

   4.   Security
        How we protect your information from loss or misuse

   5.   User Access and Control
        How you can access and control the information we maintain about you

   C.   Other Important Information
        Other things you should know about this Policy and how we handle your information

   7.   Contact Us
        How to contact Fox News about this Policy

   G.   California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
        Other things you should know if you reside in California



https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                            Page 1 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                    9/17/23, 9:07 PM




        For Consumers in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut, and
   9.   Other U.S. States With Similar Privacy Laws
        Other things you should know if you are a consumer residing in Virginia, Colorado,
        Connecticut, or other states with similar privacy laws




   1) Scope and Application

   Fox News Network, LLC ("Fox News," "our" or "we") wants you to be familiar with how we collect,
   use and disclose information from and about you. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in
   connection with information collected through services such as websites, mobile sites,
   applications ("apps"), and widgets that link to or are otherwise subject to this privacy policy
   (collectively, the "Fox News Services"). California residents, please see the California Consumer
   Privacy Act Notice in Section 8 below. Consumers in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other
   states with similar privacy laws, please see Section 9 below. By using Fox News Services, you
   agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. A list of our aXliated companies ("Fox
   News AXliates") is available at www.foxcorporation.com.

   As set forth in our Terms of Use for Fox Nation at https://nation.foxnews.com/article/terms-of-
   use-5bb6868d5245a0001905011d/ and our Terms of Use for other Fox News Services
   at https://www.foxnews.com/terms-of-use, the Fox News Services are for a general audience, are
   not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under
   13 years of age.

   This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use the Fox News Services
   without being registered with or subscribing to a Fox News Service and those who have
   registered with or subscribed to a Fox News Service. This Privacy Policy applies to our collection
   and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identi]es a speci]c person, such as
   full name or email address). It also describes generally our practices for handling non-personal
   information (for example, interests, demographics and services usage).


   2) Collection of Information

   Depending on your interactions with us, Fox News and our service providers may collect the
   following information from and about you:

   Registration Information is the information you submit to register for a Fox News Service, for
   example, to create an account, post comments, receive a newsletter, or enter a contest or

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                          Page 2 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                    9/17/23, 9:07 PM



   sweepstakes. Registration Information may also include, for example, name, email address,
   phone number, gender, zip code, user/display name, and birthday. Depending on when and how
   you register, we may collect email address, but not a password.

   Customer Service and Feedback Information is the information you submit to request customer
   support or to provide feedback about Fox News Services, such as name, email address, and
   state.

   User-Uploaded Content consists of video, audio recordings, photographs, or other material that
   you upload as part of our news-gathering function and other services.

   Personal Financial and Commercial Information is the information that you submit to purchase a
   product, subscribe to a service, or make payments.

   Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the Fox News
   Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may
   include a name, user/display name, comments, predictions, likes (or "kudos"), status, pro]le
   information and picture. Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are
   available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines.

   Activity Information. When you access and interact with the Fox News Services, Fox News and
   its service providers may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to
   permit your connection to the Fox News Services, our servers receive and record information
   about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type,
   and other software or hardware information. If you access the Fox News Services from a mobile
   or other device, we may collect a unique device identi]er assigned to that device, geolocation
   data (including your precise location), or other transactional information for that device.

   Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, local
   storage, and other mechanisms) use various approaches to collect and store data. Some of
   these technologies store data in the browser or on your device. Other technologies may use
   network-related or other information to recognize your device (e.g., IP address). Our websites,
   apps and other services use these technologies, for example, when you ]rst request a web page
   and data is then stored on your computer or other device so the website or app can access
   information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service. These
   technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Fox
   News Services, such as pages you have visited, search history, and the video and other content
   you have viewed.

   Other parties that support the Fox News Services by serving advertisements or providing
   services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate Fox News Services usage

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                          Page 3 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                   9/17/23, 9:07 PM



   statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information when you use the Fox
   News Services or other parties’ services. Those parties may also use these technologies, along
   with activity information they collect, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a
   mobile device and a laptop or other computer. Fox News does not control these technologies and
   their use is governed by the privacy policies of parties using such technologies. For more
   information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these
   technologies, including your choices with respect to them, see the section entitled "To deliver
   relevant advertisements," below.

   Your browser may be initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify
   you when a cookie is being set or updated, and to block cookies altogether. Please consult the
   "Help" section of your browser for more information, including on how to clear data from local
   storage and, depending on your browser, how to turn off other data collection by the browser. For
   more information about Google Analytics, please review the site "How Google uses information
   from sites or apps that use our services" located
   at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. To opt out of Google Analytics
   speci]cally, please go to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Please note that by blocking
   any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content or personalization
   available through the Fox News Services.

   Information from Other Sources. We may supplement the information we collect with
   information from other sources, such as publicly available information about your online and
   oeine activity from social media services, advertising technology companies, advertisers,
   commercially available sources, and information from our Fox News AXliates or business
   partners.

   Depending on your interactions with us, Fox News may not have collected information from you
   for each of the categories above.

   "Do Not Track". At this time we do not respond to the ‘Do Not Track’ signal, as we await the work
   of interested stakeholders and others to develop standards for how the ‘Do Not Track’ signal
   should be interpreted.


   3) Use and Disclosure

   We may use and disclose some or all of the information we collect from and about you for the
   following purposes:

   To provide the Fox News Services. We use information we collect from and about you to provide
   the Fox News Services. This may include:

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                         Page 4 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                        9/17/23, 9:07 PM



        to measure, maintain, and improve those Fox News Services and features and to develop new
        products and services, including conducting research and quality and safety assurance
        measure

        to improve your experience with both online and off-line Fox News Services by delivering
        content you will ]nd relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages;

        to perform identity veri]cation;

        to allow you to comment on content, and participate in online games, contests, other
        promotions, or rewards programs;

        to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries;

        to make inferences and predictions about your potential areas of interest in order to provide
        you with content and advertising that is more interesting, personalized, and relevant to you;

        to maintain our facilities and infrastructure;

        to comply with internal policies, including accounting, audit, and other internal functions; and

        to maintain records, conduct risk and security controls, and monitoring

   To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services.
   Information we collect from and about you may be made available to certain service providers,
   such as contractors, analytics and other measurement companies, and agents or sponsors, who
   help us analyze and understand your use of the Fox News Services, and manage and/or provide
   the Fox News Services, including to purchase a product, subscribe to a service, or make
   payments.

   To deliver video content. In the ordinary course of our business, we may share information that
   we collect from or about you with other parties in order to process your requests and ful]ll your
   orders for video content offered through the Fox News Services, including, to provide you with
   access to localized content and provide video content recommendations.

   To process User-Uploaded Content for news gathering and other services. User-Uploaded
   Content, including personal information (e.g. video, audio recordings, photos, etc.), may be used
   publicly: for news gathering; published on our social media pages on other platforms; posted and
   displayed on our own community-related services; or published as part of our services. Whether
   we publish any piece of User-Uploaded Content is at our sole discretion and is subject to our

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                              Page 5 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                    9/17/23, 9:07 PM



   Terms of Use. You should not upload materials that reveal your sensitive personal information or
   the personal information of others. If you do not wish to disclose metadata to us that may be
   associated with your User-Uploaded Content, you should either refrain from uploading the
   content or take steps to remove such metadata.

   To provide co-branded services and features. We may offer co-branded services or features,
   such as contests, sweepstakes or other promotions together with other companies ("Co-Branded
   Services"). These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on Fox News Services or on that other
   party’s service. By virtue of these relationships, we may share information you submit in
   connection with the Co-Branded Service with that party. That other party’s use of your
   information will be governed by its privacy policy.

   To deliver relevant advertisements. Fox News and our service providers may use information we
   collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy to deliver and measure relevant,
   more personalized ads to you when you use the Fox News Services or another service (on any of
   your devices). This may include, for example, sharing email address (in hashed form), IP address,
   or information about your browser or operating system, with our identity partners. In some
   instances, these entities may return an online identi]cation code that we may store in a ]rst party
   cookie, or other similar technology, for our use in online and cross-channel advertising and it may
   be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. To opt
   out of this use, please go to https://optout.liveramp.com/opt_out.

   As noted above, advertising technology companies and advertisers may use cookies and similar
   technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred
   interests, aggregated information, and information about the different devices and/or browsers
   you use and your activity on such devices and browsers, to assist them in delivering advertising
   that is more relevant to your interests. The information may also be used to deliver more relevant
   advertising to you across marketing channels, including email. To ]nd out more about
   advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies,
   see https://youradchoices.com/. If you wish to opt out of tailored advertising in desktop and
   mobile browsers, please
   visit http://optout.aboutads.info/ or http://optout.networkadvertising.org/# on each of your
   devices and browsers. To opt out in mobile apps, you may use your device’s setting to opt out of
   ads personalization or similar settings or download and use the AppChoices app
   at https://youradchoices.com/appchoices. To opt out on connected TVs, please use the device
   setting "opt out of ads personalization," "Interest-based Ads," or equivalent settings on your
   device. Please note that opting-out does not mean that you will stop seeing all ads.

   To contact you. Fox News may periodically send promotional materials or noti]cations related to
   the Fox News Services. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can follow the

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                          Page 6 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                         9/17/23, 9:07 PM



   unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. There are certain service noti]cation and
   other non-promotional emails that you may not opt-out of, such as noti]cations of changes to the
   Fox News Services or policies. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving
   push noti]cations, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app.

   To share with our Fox News AXliates. Fox News may share information we collect from and
   about you as described in this Privacy Policy with Fox News AXliates for the purposes described
   in this Privacy Policy. A link to a website that lists Fox News AXliates can be found at the
   beginning of this policy. Users who visit Fox News AXliates’ services should still refer to their
   separate privacy policies, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy.

   To share with business partners. Fox News may share information we collect from and about
   you as described in this Privacy Policy with business partners to permit them to send you
   marketing communications consistent with your choices.

   To protect the rights of Fox News and others. There may be instances when Fox News may use
   or disclose information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy,
   including situations where Fox News has a good faith belief that such use or disclosure is
   necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of
   Fox News, our Fox News AXliates, or their employees, agents and contractors (including
   enforcement of our agreements and our Terms of Use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and
   security of users of the Fox News Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or
   for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to
   requests from public and government authorities.

   To complete a merger or sale of assets or other corporate transaction. If Fox News sells all or
   part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in an
   acquisition, reorganization, merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business (including in
   connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings), or other corporate transaction, Fox News
   may transfer or disclose information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy
   Policy to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.

   Depending on your interactions with us, Fox News may not have collected, used or disclosed
   information from or about you in each of the categories above, and to the extent that Fox News
   has disclosed information from or about you, it may not include all of the information that we
   collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy.

   Please note that when the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a
   speci]c person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with other parties, to the
   extent permitted by applicable law.


https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                               Page 7 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                     9/17/23, 9:07 PM




   4) Security

   Fox News uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical
   measures designed to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and
   unauthorized use, disclosure, or modi]cation. However, no one can guarantee the complete
   safety of your information.


   5) User Access and Control

   If you would like to access personal information we hold about you, delete or correct your
   personal information you have previously provided directly to us, you may
   visit https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_News_Network and submit a
   request. Please note that, for security reasons, we will ask you to verify your identity in order to
   proceed with your request. If you would like to suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your
   personal information, you may contact us as outlined in Section 7. In your request, please include
   your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify clearly what information
   you would like to suppress or limit. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably
   practicable and consistent with applicable law. Please note that, subject to applicable law, in
   some cases we may not comply with your request where we may require your information in
   order to comply with applicable law, or to protect, enforce or defend our rights or employee rights,
   or those of a Fox News AXliate.

   If you are a resident of California, please see the section entitled "California Consumer Privacy
   Act Notice," below, for more information about the rights you have under California law. If you are
   a consumer in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other state with similar privacy laws, please see
   the section entitled "For Consumers in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut, and Other U.S. States
   with Similar Privacy Laws," below, for more information about your rights under Virginia,
   Colorado, Connecticut, and other similar laws.

   If you are an eligible registered user of Fox Nation and under 18, you may ask us to remove
   content or information that you have posted to the Fox Nation Services by
   visiting https://help.fox.com/s/support-form, selecting "Fox Nation" under the "Choose Brand"
   dropdown and submitting a ticket with "Privacy & Security" as the topic (from the "Topic"
   dropdown). For all other Fox News Services, if you are under 18 and a registered user, you may
   ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Fox News Services by
   writing to fnldepartment@fox.com. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or
   comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may
   have been reposted by another user.

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                           Page 8 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                   9/17/23, 9:07 PM



   You may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with Fox
   News AXliates or unaXliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes. For Fox Nation,
   please visit https://help.fox.com/s/support-form and select "Fox Nation" under the "Choose
   Brand" dropdown and submitting a ticket with "Privacy & Security" as the topic (from the "Topic"
   dropdown). Please provide your email address and ]rst and last name in the designated spaces
   and a description of your request in the "Description" ]eld. We will try to comply with your
   request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. For Fox News, you may opt-out of this sharing by
   writing to FOX.News.Privacy@fox.com, with "Disclosure Opt-out" in the subject line. Please also
   provide your full name and, if you like, you may also provide the speci]c Fox News Service to
   which your request pertains. For Fox Business, you may opt-out of this sharing by writing
   to FOX.Business.Privacy@fox.com, with "Disclosure Opt-out" in the subject line. Please also
   provide your full name and, if you like, you may also provide the speci]c Fox News Service to
   which your request pertains. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably
   practicable and consistent with applicable law.

   6) Other Important Information

   Updates to Privacy Policy. Fox News may modify this Privacy Policy. Please look at the Effective
   Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any
   changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on
   the Fox News Services.

   Location of Data. The Fox News Services are hosted in and managed from the United States. If
   you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any
   personal information processed in the United States or in any other country in which we have
   facilities or in which we engage service providers. The United States and other countries’ data
   protection laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. In certain circumstances,
   courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in the United States
   may be entitled to access your personal information.

   Linked Services. The Fox News Services may be linked to sites operated by unaXliated
   companies, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters,
   contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by unaXliated companies.
   Fox News is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaXliated companies, and once you
   leave the Fox News Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy
   policy of the other service. In addition, Fox News is not responsible for the privacy or data
   security practices of other organizations, such as Meta, Instagram, Twitter, Apple, Google,
   Microsoft or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating
   system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including in connection with
   any information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Fox News
https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                         Page 9 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                      9/17/23, 9:07 PM



   Services.

   Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service.In some cases, we may use
   an unaXliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ("Payment
   Service"). If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service, you will
   be directed to a Payment Service webpage. Any information that you provide to a Payment
   Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy
   Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any Payment Service’s use of
   information collected through any Payment Service. If you subscribe to Fox Nation, we and/or
   Payment Service provider(s) may use payment information to help provide the Fox Nation
   services. For example, payment information may be used to retrieve account information for a
   subscriber, to determine whether a subscriber is eligible for promotions, and to detect abuse of
   the Fox Nation services. In addition, for your convenience, we or our Payment Service provider(s)
   may enable your payment information to be accessible through Fox AXliate websites or services
   in order to process your transaction with any such Fox AXliate.

   Data Retention. We will retain your information for the period necessary to ful]ll the purposes
   outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
   Remember that even after you cancel your account, or if you ask us to delete your personal
   information, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some
   circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with social media or other
   services. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly
   inaccessible to others. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our
   servers for some time after cancellation or your request for deletion, for fraud detection or to
   comply with applicable law or our internal security or recordkeeping policies. It may not always
   be possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints or
   contractual, ]nancial or legal requirements.

   DeidentiZed Information. To the extent we process "deidenti]ed" personal information, as
   de]ned under applicable law, we will maintain and use that information in deidenti]ed form and
   will not attempt to reidentify the information except as permitted by applicable law.


   7) Contact Us

   If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

   Email: fnldepartment@fox.com
   Mail: Legal & Business Affairs, Fox News
   1211 Avenue of the Americas
   New York, NY 10036
https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                           Page 10 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                      9/17/23, 9:07 PM




   8) California Consumer Privacy Act Notice

   This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice Section provides information for California
   residents in connection with the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). California residents
   who are prospective, current, or former Fox News employees; or contractors, emergency
   contacts, or bene]ciaries may view our workforce-related California privacy notice
   at https://www.fox.com/workforce-privacy-notice/.California residents who are business
   consumers acting as employees, owners, directors, oXcers or independent contractors of an
   entity conducting due diligence or providing or receiving a product or service from Fox News
   ("Business-to-Business Contacts") may view the B2B privacy notice at foxnews.com/b2bprivacy-
   policy. Under the CCPA, and for purposes of this Section, "Personal Information" generally means
   information that identi]es, relates to, or describes a particular California resident and includes
   the categories listed below. This Section 8 provides details about the categories of Personal
   Information of California residents that we have collected, disclosed, or "sold" or "shared" during
   the last 12 months, as well as rights California residents have under California law.

   Categories of Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, and/or Sold or Shared:The categories
   of Personal Information that we have collected, disclosed, and/or "sold" or "shared" are below,
   along with the categories of third parties to whom each category of Personal Information was
   disclosed, and/or sold or "shared." Please note that we disclose some categories of Personal
   Information in connection with certain types of advertisements, which could be considered
   "selling" or "sharing" under the CCPA. Also, depending on the California resident’s interactions
   with us, Fox News may not have collected, disclosed, or sold or "shared" each (or any) of these
   categories of Personal Information about each individual. Additionally, we do not knowingly "sell"
   or "share" Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.

                                                         Categories of Third    Categories of Third
                                                         Parties to Whom        Parties to Whom
      Category of Personal Information Collected         Personal               Personal
                                                         Information is         Information is
                                                         Disclosed              "Sold" or "Shared"

                                                         Service providers,     Advertising
                                                                                technology
                                                         Fox News AXliates,     companies;
                                                                                advertisers;
      IdentiZers, such as name, IP address, email
      address, user/display name, online and device      and other providers    Fox News AXliates
      identi]ers,                                        or partners that
                                                         support our            For purposes of
                                                         operational            targeted
                                                         business purposes

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                            Page 11 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                   9/17/23, 9:07 PM



                                                                             advertising

                                                       Service providers,    Advertising
                                                                             technology
                                                       Fox News AXliates,    companies;
      Personal Information as de]ned in the                                  advertisers
      California Customer Records law, such as         and other providers
      contact and ]nancial information                 or partners that      For purposes of
                                                       support our           targeted
                                                       operational           advertising
                                                       business purposes

                                                       Service providers,    Advertising
                                                                             technology
                                                       Fox News AXliates,    companies;
      Characteristics of protected classiZcations      and other providers   advertisers
      under California law, such as age or gender      or partners that
                                                       support our           For purposes of
                                                       operational           targeted
                                                       business purposes     advertising

                                                       Service providers,    Advertising
                                                       Fox News AXliates,    technology
                                                                             companies;
      Commercial Information, such as transaction                            advertisers
      information and purchase history                 and other providers
                                                       or partners that      For purposes of
                                                       support our
                                                       operational           targeted
                                                       business purposes     advertising


                                                       Service providers,    Advertising
                                                                             technology
                                                                             companies;
      Internet or network activity information, such   Fox News AXliates,    advertisers;
      as browsing history and interactions with our
      websites, mobile, or connected TV applications   and other providers   Fox News AXliates
      (collectively, "Fox News Digital Properties")    or partners that
                                                       support our
                                                       operational           For purposes of
                                                       business purposes     targeted
                                                                             advertising

                                                       Service providers,

                                                       Fox News AXliates,

      Geolocation, such as device location             and other providers   N/A
                                                       or partners that
                                                       support our
                                                       operational

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                        Page 12 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                       9/17/23, 9:07 PM



                                                           business purposes

                                                           Service providers,

                                                           Fox News AXliates,
      Audio, electronic, visual and other similar          and other providers    N/A
      information, such as call recordings                 or partners that
                                                           support our
                                                           operational
                                                           business purposes

                                                           Service providers,

                                                           Fox News AXliates,
      Non-public education information (e.g., in
      connection with news or entertainment                and other providers    N/A
      productions or sports programs)                      or partners that
                                                           support our
                                                           operational
                                                           business purposes

                                                           Service providers,     Advertising
                                                           Fox News AXliates,     technology
      Inferences drawn from any of the Personal                                   companies;
      Information listed above to create a pro]le or                              advertisers
      summary about, for example, an individual’s          and other providers
      preferences and characteristics                      or partners that       For purposes of
                                                           support our
                                                           operational            targeted
                                                           business purposes      advertising

   Please note that the CCPA de]nitions of "sale" and "share" do not include, for example, the
   transfer of Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar
   transaction involving all or any portion of our business.

   Sources of Personal Information.We collect Personal Information directly from California
   residents themselves, as well as from social media platforms (e.g., if the individual has
   connected a social media account to a Fox News Digital Property); joint marketing, co-branding,
   co-promotional, or advertising partners, including advertising technology companies and
   advertisers; Fox News AXliates; and sources of demographic and other information.
   Depending on the individual’s interactions with us, Fox News may not have collected Personal
   Information from each (or any) of these categories of sources.

   Purposes. We may use Personal Information and/or disclose it to third parties for the following
   purposes:

             to operate, manage, and maintain our business, including in connection with a sale,

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                             Page 13 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                              9/17/23, 9:07 PM



             acquisition, reorganization, merger, transfer of all or a part of our business, or other
             corporate transaction (e.g., a bankruptcy or similar proceeding);

             to provide our products and services;

             to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including:

                        developing, improving, repairing, and maintaining our products and services;

                        personalizing, advertising, and marketing our products and services;

                        conducting research, analytics, and data analysis;

                        maintaining our facilities and infrastructure;

                        quality and safety assurance measures;

                        conducting risk and security controls and monitoring;

                        detecting and preventing fraud;

                        performing identity veri]cation;

                        performing accounting, audit, and other internal functions;

                        complying with law, legal process, and internal policies;

                        maintaining records; and

                        exercising and defending legal claims.

   Depending on the California resident’s interactions with us, Fox News may not have used
   Personal Information collected about that resident for each of these purposes, and to the extent
   that Fox News has disclosed Personal Information about that resident, it may not include all of
   the Personal Information collected about that resident.

   Sensitive Personal Information. We do not process "sensitive" Personal Information for purposes
   other than those speci]ed in the CCPA Regulations section 7027(m) (such as to provide the
   services and for security purposes).

   Data Retention. We will retain Personal Information from or about you as reasonably necessary

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                                   Page 14 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                         9/17/23, 9:07 PM



   and proportionate to achieve the purpose(s) for which the Personal Information was collected or
   processed as outlined in this Section 8 unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by
   law.


   Notice of Financial Incentive. This notice applies to our offers or programs (each an "Incentive
   Program") that link to this section of our privacy policy and which California may consider to be a
   ]nancial incentive. You can opt-in to participate in an Incentive Program by providing your email
   address or other personal information. In exchange for providing your Personal Information and
   depending on the Incentive Program in which you participate, you may be able to access certain
   content, features, or events, receive a discounted price on an applicable subscription, or receive
   special news alerts or other entitlements. We will, in turn, use your Personal Information for the
   purposes set forth in this privacy policy, such as sending you alerts and marketing messages and
   personalizing your experience, including providing advertising you may ]nd more relevant and
   interesting.

   To the extent we can estimate the value of your Personal Information to us, we consider the
   value of the offer (such as special content or features), the cost to us associated with providing
   the offer, and the potential bene]t to us in the form of additional advertising or other revenue we
   may receive as a result of you using our Services. The value to us, if any, will depend on the
   extent to which you engage with our Services.

   If you are a California consumer and decide you no longer wish to participate in the Program, you
   may withdraw at any time by visiting foxnews.com/] and following the instructions provided.

   California Rights. If you are a California consumer, you have the following rights:

         (1) Right to Know. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following
         information:

                   The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of
                   sources from which we collected such Personal Information;

                   The speci]c pieces of Personal Information we collected about you for the applicable
                   time period;

                   The business or commercial purpose for collecting, disclosing, or selling Personal
                   Information about you;

                   The categories of Personal Information about you that we sold and the categories of
                   third parties to whom we sold that Personal Information; and

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                              Page 15 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                           9/17/23, 9:07 PM



                   The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or
                   disclosed and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or disclosed that
                   Personal Information.

         To make a request for your Personal Information, please go
         to https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_News_Network or call us at 888-
         596-3929. You will need to provide your name and email address, along with other details
         about your request. You will then receive veri]cation instructions by email. For certain
         requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the veri]cation process,
         if you have an account/pro]le with us. But you do not need to have an account/pro]le to
         submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to
         verify your identity or proceed with your request.

         You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for your Personal Information. When
         submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the
         form and, in the ]eld provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you
         have an account/pro]le with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we
         also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a
         copy of your signed permission). Once veri]cation is complete, we may communicate directly
         with you for privacy and security reasons.

         Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request, where, for
         example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.

         (2) Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete Personal
         Information we collected from you.

         To make a request for deletion, please go to https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?
         target=Fox_News_Network or call us at 888-596-3929. You will need to provide your name
         and email address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive
         veri]cation instructions by email. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to
         your account as part of the veri]cation process, if you have an account/pro]le with us. But
         you do not need to have an account/pro]le to submit a request. Please note that you also will
         be asked to separately con]rm that you would like to proceed with your deletion request. In
         some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or
         proceed with your request.

         You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for deletion. When submitting a request
         online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the ]eld
         provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an


https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                                Page 16 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                          9/17/23, 9:07 PM



         account/pro]le with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will
         need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of
         your signed permission). Once veri]cation is complete, we may communicate directly with
         you for privacy and security reasons.

         Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for
         example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.

         (3) Right to Request Correction. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate
         Personal Information we collected about you.

         To make a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Information, please go
         to https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_News_Network or call us at 888-
         596-3929. You will need to provide your name, email address, and the Personal Information
         you would like to have corrected, along with other details about your request. You will then
         receive veri]cation instructions by email. For certain requests, you will be asked to
         authenticate to your account as part of the veri]cation process, if you have an account/pro]le
         with us. But you do not need to have an account/pro]le to submit a request. In some
         circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or
         proceed with your request.

         You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for correction of inaccurate Personal
         Information. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the
                                         We've got news for you
         "Other" option on the form and, in the ]eld provided, include your name, your email address,
         and whether or not you have an account/pro]le with us. In addition to verifying your identity,
                    If you like our coverage, please disable your ad blocker.
         as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your
         behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once veri]cation is complete, we
         may communicate directly withAllowyou forads
                                                   privacy
                                                       on and
                                                           FOXsecurity
                                                                Newsreasons.
         Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for
         example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.

         (4) Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing. As noted above in this section, we share some
         categories of Personal Information in connection with certain types of advertisements. You
         can visit our "Your Privacy Choices" Internet Webpage for Fox Business
         at privacy.foxbusiness.com/main/web/main and for all other Fox News Services
         at privacy.foxnews.com/main/web/main. You can opt out of the sale and sharing of your
         Personal Information by clicking on the toggle and hitting the "submit" button at the bottom of
         the screen. If you have an account/pro]le with us, your preference will apply to the device(s)
         connected to your logged-in account or pro]le for the Fox Services. For mobile and connected
         TV apps, you may visit "Your Privacy Choices" in Account/Settings for more information and

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                                Page 17 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                        9/17/23, 9:07 PM



         to exercise your choices. If you do not have an account, or choose not to log-in to your
         account on a device, you will need to select your preference on each device. If you have
         enabled a global privacy control feature on your device, we process that opt-out preference
         signal in a frictionless manner.

         (5) Right to be Free from Discrimination. You have the right to be free from unlawful
         discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.

         (6) Record Keeping. Please visit www.foxnews.com/recordkeeping/ for metrics regarding the
         requests we received during the previous calendar year for: Requests to Know, Requests to
         Delete, and Requests to Opt Out of "Sales."


         9) FOR CONSUMERS IN VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, AND OTHER U.S.
         STATES WITH SIMILAR PRIVACY LAWS

         Depending on where you live, you may have certain additional rights regarding your personal
         information. This section provides information for consumers residing in Virginia, Colorado,
         or Connecticut, in connection with the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA"), the
         Colorado Privacy Act ("CPA"), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (the "CDPA"), and other states
         with similar privacy laws. Under the VCDPA, the CPA, and the CDPA, and for purposes of this
         Section, "Personal Data" generally means information that identi]es, relates to, or describes a
         particular consumer residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other states with similar
         privacy laws, and includes the categories listed below. We and our advertising partners use
         certain Personal Data to deliver online advertisements to you on your devices tailored to your
         interests. This may be considered "selling" under Colorado and Connecticut law and "targeted
         advertising" under Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut law. This Section 9 provides details
         about the categories of Personal Data of consumers in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut,
         and other states with similar privacy laws, that we have collected, disclosed, or "sold" or
         processed for purposes of targeted advertising, as well as rights consumers in Virginia,
         Colorado, Connecticut, and other states with similar privacy laws have under their states’
         laws.

         Categories of Personal Data Collected, Disclosed, or "Sold" or Processed for Targeted
         Advertising:

         The categories of Personal Data that we collected, disclosed, processed for purposes of
         targeted advertising (under the Virginia law) or "sold" (under Colorado and Connecticut laws)
         are below, along with the purposes for processing, and categories of third parties to whom
         each category of Personal Data was disclosed or "sold" or processed for the purpose of
         targeted advertising. Please note that we process some categories of Personal Data in

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                             Page 18 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                      9/17/23, 9:07 PM



         connection with targeted advertising, which could be considered "selling" under the Colorado
         and Connecticut laws. Additionally, depending on the consumer’s interactions with us, we
         may not have collected disclosed, processed for purposes of targeted advertising, or "sold,"
         each (or any) of these categories of Personal Data for each listed purpose. Additionally, we do
         not knowingly sell or process Personal Data of children under 13 years of age.

                                                                                     Categories of
                                                                  Categories of      Third Parties to
           Category of Personal Data           Purposes for       Third Parties to   Whom Personal
                                                                  Whom               Data is Sold or
           Collected/Processed                 Processing         Personal Data      Processed for
                                                                  Is Disclosed       Targeted
                                                                                     Advertising

                                               To provide the
                                               Fox News
                                               Services,

                                               To allow
                                               service
                                               providers to
                                               assist us in
                                               providing and
                                               managing the
                                               Fox News
                                               Services,
                                               To deliver video   Service            Advertising
                                               content,           providers (e.g.,   technology
                                                                                     companies,
                                                                  hosting            Advertisers,
                                               To provide co-     providers,
                                               branded            content delivery
                                               services and       networks, email    Fox News
                                               features,          marketing          AXliates
                                                                  platforms),
           IdentiZers, such as name, IP        To deliver                            Virginia:
           address, email address, and         relevant           Fox News           Processed for
           online and device identi]ers        advertisements,                       targeted
                                                                  AXliates, and      advertising
                                               To contact you,    Other providers
                                                                  or partners that   Colorado and
                                               To share with      support our        Connecticut:
                                               our Fox News                          Sold for
                                                                  operational        purposes of
                                               AXliates,          business
                                                                  purposes           targeted
                                               To share with                         advertising
                                               business
                                               partners
                                               (consistent
                                               with your

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                           Page 19 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                   9/17/23, 9:07 PM



                                              choices)

                                              To process
                                              user-uploaded
                                              content for
                                              news gathering
                                              and other
                                              services

                                              To provide the
                                              Fox News
                                              Services,

                                              To allow
                                              service
                                              providers to      Service
                                              assist us in      providers (e.g.,   Advertising
                                              providing and     that help with     technology
                                              managing the      order              companies,
                                              Fox News          ful]llment,        Advertisers,
                                              Services,         contests or
                                                                sweepstakes        Virginia:
                                              To provide co-    providers),        Processed for
           Personal information, such as      branded                              targeted
           contact and ]nancial information   services and      Fox News           advertising
                                              features,         AXliates, and
                                                                                   Colorado and
                                              To contact you,   Other partners     Connecticut:
                                                                or providers       Sold for
                                              To share with     that support       purposes of
                                              our Fox News      our operational    targeted
                                              AXliates,         business           advertising
                                                                purposes
                                              To share with
                                              business
                                              partners
                                              (consistent
                                              with your
                                              choices)

                                              To provide the
                                              Fox News
                                              Services,                            Advertising
                                                                Service            technology
                                              To allow          providers (e.g.,   companies,
                                              service           contest or         Advertisers,
                                              providers to      sweepstakes
                                              assist us in      providers),        Virginia:
                                              providing and                        Processed for
           Characteristics of protected       managing the      Fox News           targeted
           classiZcations, such as age or     Fox News          AXliates, and      advertising
           gender                             Services,
                                                                Other providers
https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                        Page 20 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                      9/17/23, 9:07 PM



                                                                   or partners that   Colorado and
                                                 To deliver        support our        Connecticut:
                                                 relevant          operational        Sold for
                                                 advertisements,   business           purposes of
                                                                   purposes           targeted
                                                 To share with                        advertising
                                                 our Fox News
                                                 AXliates

                                                 To provide the
                                                 Fox News
                                                 Services,

                                                 To allow
                                                 service           Service
                                                 providers to      providers (e.g.,   Advertising
                                                 assist us in      in connection      technology
                                                                                      companies,
                                                 providing and     with order         Advertisers,
                                                 managing the      ful]llment and
                                                 Fox News          payment            Virginia:
                                                 Services,         services),         Processed for
           Commercial Information, such
           as transaction information and        To deliver        Fox News           targeted
           purchase history                      relevant          AXliates, and      advertising
                                                 advertisements,                      Colorado and
                                                                   Other providers    Connecticut:
                                                 To share with     or partners that
                                                 our Fox News      support our        Sold for
                                                 AXliates          operational        purposes of
                                                                                      targeted
                                                                   business           advertising
                                                 To share with     purposes
                                                 business
                                                 partners
                                                 (consistent
                                                 with your
                                                 choices)

                                                 To provide the                       Advertising
                                                 Fox News                             technology
                                                 Services,                            companies,
                                                                                      Advertisers,
                                                 To allow          Service
                                                 service           providers,         Fox News
                                                 providers to                         AXliates
           Internet or network activity          assist us in      Fox News
           information, such as browsing         providing and     AXliates, and      Virginia:
           history and interactions with our     managing the                         Processed for
           websites, mobile, or connected        Fox News          Other providers    targeted
           TV applications (collectively, "Fox   Services,         or partners that   advertising
           News Digital Properties")                               support our
                                                 To deliver        operational        Colorado and
                                                 relevant          business           Connecticut:

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                           Page 21 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                  9/17/23, 9:07 PM



                                              advertisements,   purposes           Sold for
                                                                                   purposes of
                                              To share with                        targeted
                                              our Fox News                         advertising
                                              AXliates

                                              To provide the
                                              Fox News
                                              Services,         Service
                                                                providers,
                                              To allow
                                              service           Fox News
                                              providers to      AXliates, and
           Geolocation data, such as device   assist us in                         N/A
           location                           providing and     Other providers
                                              managing the      or partners that
                                              Fox News          support our
                                              Services,         operational
                                                                business
                                              To share with     purposes
                                              our Fox News
                                              AXliates

                                              To provide the
                                              Fox News
                                              Services,         Service
                                                                providers,
                                              To allow
                                              service           Fox News
           Audio, electronic, visual and      providers to      AXliates, and
           other similar information, such    assist us in                         N/A
           as call recordings                 providing and     Other providers
                                              managing the      or partners that
                                              Fox News          support our
                                              Services,         operational
                                                                business
                                              To share with     purposes
                                              our Fox News
                                              AXliates

                                              To provide the
                                              Fox News
                                              Services,

                                              To allow          Service
                                              service           providers,
                                              providers to
                                              assist us in      Fox News
           Non-public education               providing and     AXliates, and
           information (e.g., in connection   managing the
           with news or entertainment         Fox News          Other providers    N/A
                                              Services,

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                       Page 22 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                          9/17/23, 9:07 PM



           productions or sports programs)                           or partners that
                                                 To provide co-      support our
                                                 branded             operational
                                                 services and        business
                                                 features,           purposes
                                                 To share with
                                                 our Fox News
                                                 AXliates.

                                                 To provide the
                                                 Fox News
                                                 Services,                               Advertising
                                                                                         technology
                                                 To allow            Service             companies,
                                                 service             providers,          Advertisers,
                                                 providers to
           Inferences drawn from any of          assist us in        Fox News            Virginia:
           the Personal Data listed              providing and       AXliates, and       Processed for
           above to create a pro]le or           managing the                            targeted
           summary about, for example, an        Fox News            Other providers     advertising
           individual’s preferences and          Services,           or partners that
           characteristics                                           support our         Colorado and
                                                 To deliver          operational         Connecticut:
                                                 relevant            business            Sold for
                                                 advertisements,     purposes            purposes of
                                                                                         targeted
                                                 To share with                           advertising
                                                 our Fox News
                                                 AXliates
         Please note that we may process Personal Data in each of the above categories in order to
         protect the rights of the Fox News and others, and/or to complete a merger or sale of assets
         or other corporate transaction. For more details about our purposes for processing, please
         see the Use and Disclosure section above.

         Please note that, under the Virginia law, the de]nition of "sale" is the exchange of information
         for monetary consideration and does not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Data
         as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction involving of all or
         any portion of our business. We do not "sell" Personal Data as de]ned under the Virginia law.

         As noted above, the de]nition of "sale" under Colorado and Connecticut laws is different than
         the de]nition of that word under Virginia law. We and our advertising partners use certain
         Personal Data to deliver online advertisements to you on your devices tailored to your
         interests, which could be considered "selling" under the Colorado and Connecticut laws. The
         Colorado and Connecticut laws’ de]nitions of "sale," however, do not include, the transfer of
         Personal Data as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                               Page 23 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                            9/17/23, 9:07 PM



         involving all or any portion of our business.

         Consumer Rights under Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other similar laws.If you are a
         consumer in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other states with a similar privacy law, you
         have the following rights:

         (1) Right to Access and Portability. You have the right to con]rm whether we are processing
         Personal Data concerning you, and to request that we disclose to you the Personal Data we
         collected from you, including in a portable form.

              To con]rm whether or not we are processing your personal data, or to make a request for
              your Personal Data, please go to https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?
              target=Fox_News_Network or call us at 888-596-3929. You will need to provide your name
              and email address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive
              veri]cation instructions by email. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to
              your account as part of the veri]cation process, if you have an account/pro]le with us. But
              you do not need to have an account/pro]le to submit a request. In some circumstances,
              we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your
              request.

              You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for your Personal Data. When
              submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the
              form and, in the ]eld provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not
              you have an account/pro]le with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described
              above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g.,
              by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once veri]cation is complete, we may
              communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons.

              Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for
              example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.

         (2) Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Data we
         collected from you or about you.

              To make a request for deletion, please go to https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?
              target=Fox_News_Network or call us at 888-596-3929. You will need to provide your name
              and email address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive
              veri]cation instructions by email. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to
              your account as part of the veri]cation process, if you have an account/pro]le with us. But
              you do not need to have an account/pro]le to submit a request. Please note that you also
              will be asked to separately con]rm that you would like to proceed with your deletion

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                                 Page 24 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                            9/17/23, 9:07 PM



              request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify
              your identity or proceed with your request.

              You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for deletion. When submitting a
              request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in
              the ]eld provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an
              account/pro]le with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also
              will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a
              copy of your signed permission). Once veri]cation is complete, we may communicate
              directly with you for privacy and security reasons.

              Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for
              example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.

         (3) Right to Request Correction. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate
         Personal Data we collected about you.

              To make a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Data, please go
              to https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_News_Network or call us at
              888-596-3929. You will need to provide your name, email address, and the Personal Data
              you would like to be corrected, along with other details about your request. You will then
              receive veri]cation instructions by email. For certain requests, you will be asked to
              authenticate to your account as part of the veri]cation process, if you have an
              account/pro]le with us. But you do not need to have an account/pro]le to submit a
              request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify
              your identity or proceed with your request.

              You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for correction of inaccurate Personal
              Data. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other"
              option on the form and, in the ]eld provided, include your name, your email address, and
              whether or not you have an account/pro]le with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as
              described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your
              behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once veri]cation is complete,
              we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons.

              Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for
              example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.

         (4) Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising (In Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut) and/or
         "Sale" (in Colorado and Connecticut) We process and share some categories of Personal
         Data in connection with targeted advertising. In Colorado and Connecticut, this processing

https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                                 Page 25 of 29
Privacy Policy | Fox News                                                                        9/17/23, 9:07 PM



         may be considered a "sale." You can visit our "Your Privacy Choices" Internet Webpage for Fox
         Business at privacy.foxbusiness.com/main/web/main and for all other Fox News Services
         at privacy.foxnews.com/main/web/main. Consumers residing in Virginia, Colorado,
         Connecticut, and other states with similar privacy laws can opt out of targeted advertising
         and/or "sale" by clicking on the toggle and hitting the "submit" button at the bottom of the
         screen. If you have an account/pro]le with us, your preference will apply to the device(s)
         connected to your logged-in account or pro]le for the Fox News Services. For mobile and
         connected TV apps, you may visit "Your Privacy Choices" in Account/Settings for more
         information and to exercise your choices. If you do not have an account, or choose not to log-
         in to your account on a device, you will need to select your preference on each device. If you
         have enabled a global privacy control feature on your device, we process that opt-out
         preference signal in a frictionless manner.

         (5) Right to Appeal. If we decline to take action in response to a personal data rights request,
         consumers in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut, and states with similar privacy laws, may
         request an appeal, by notifying us through our privacy rights portal by following the
         instructions provided with the response to your request.

         (6) Right to be Free From Discrimination. You have the right to be free from unlawful
         discrimination for exercising your rights under the laws of Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and
         other states with similar privacy laws.




   U.S.                                              World
   Crime                                             U.N.
   Military                                          Conricts
   Education                                         Terrorism
   Terror                                            Disasters
   Immigration                                       Global Economy
   Economy                                           Environment
   Personal Freedoms                                 Religion
   Fox News Investigates                             Scandals




https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy                                                             Page 26 of 29
